Feature: Documentation Translation (#250)
simde-utc/portail: documentation/api/readme.md

# API documentation

- [OAuth2 connection](oauth2.md)
- [User](user/)
    - [Groups retrievement](user/groups.md)
- [Client](client/)

> The API is currently uder the first version. All URLs have the form : `https://assos.utc.fr/api/v1/{requete}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is currently under the first version. All URLs have the form : `https://assos.utc.fr/api/v1/{request}`
```
